Use `-lxxx` internally rather than full library path (#14342)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

2.0.24
------
- System libraries are now passed to the linker internally via `-lfoo` rather

>   than using their full path.  This is inline with how gcc and clang pass system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  than using their full path.  This is in line with how gcc and clang pass system
```
(i think?)

  libraries to the linker.  This should not effect any builds unless a project a
  happens to have, for example, a file called `libc.a` in one of its library
  paths.  This would have the effect of overriding the system library (as it

>   would with a gcc or clang) (#14342).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  would with gcc or clang) (#14342).
```
